Update Starter Branch Link (#20)
LaunchCodeEducation/intro-to-web-dev-curriculum: content/react-part-2/exercises/index.md

---

## Getting Started:

> Check out the [starter branch](https://github.com/LaunchCodeEducation/react-exercises-and-studios)

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the [starter branch](https://github.com/LaunchCodeEducation/react-exercises-and-studios/tree/main/part2/exercises-2)
```

> Check out the [starter branch](https://github.com/LaunchCodeEducation/react-exercises-and-studios/tree/main/part2/exercises-2)

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the starter code for the `exercises-2` in the `part2` directory on the `main` branch of [react-exercises-and-studios](https://github.com/LaunchCodeEducation/react-exercises-and-studios)
```
